and now the distinguished television
news commentator mr. Howard Beale ladies
and gentlemen I would like at this
moment to announce that I will be
retiring from this program in two weeks
time because of poor ratings since this
show is the only thing I had going for
me in my life I have decided to kill
myself I'm gonna blow my brains out
right on this program a week from today
what the hell's going on
prepare yourself for a perfectly
outrageous motion picture I would be a
went up there last night and said what
every American feels and he's tired of
all the Baltics Diana we're talking
about putting a manifestly irresponsible
man on national television I am NOT
putting Howard back on the air it's not
your show anymore max it's mine I got a
feeling I'm being made you are got to
warn your lie I don't do anything on my
first date we'll see I want a show
developed based on the activities of a
terrorist group
well Ahmed I won't make a TV star out of
you just like Archie Bunker
well
there is no America there is no
democracy there is only IBM and DuPont
and Exxon and you have meddled with the
primal forces of nature and you will
tone am I getting through to you us to
be why me
was your own television dummy ladies and
gentlemen the network news hour
where's this power
and all of you to get up out of your
chairs I want you to get up right now
and go to the window
open it and stick your head out and yell
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to
take this anymore
things have got to check on these
sessions is he scared it's not excuses I
want you to get up right now go to your
windows stick your head out and yell on
this board as I Hey last time you take
this anymore are they yelling Atlanta
here are they yelling in Atlanta Ted
network by Paddy Chayefsky directed by
Sidney Lumet produced by Howard
Gottfried television will never be the
same